This is the game JaSBro, short for the Java Sim Brothel, originally created by Teferus. As of the time of creation of this repository, it was featured at https://www.futanaripalace.com/forumdisplay.php?270-Sim-Brothel.

NOTE: This is a management game with a strong focus on sex. Your primary way of getting money will be through sex or sex related activities.

If you downloaded this from Github, not that it will not contain any characters, which is important to playing the game. It does, however, contain a number of quests, events, and items for the game. This will also not contain a compiled version of the game, and you are suggested to download these from the website above. The download will normally contain a character folder with two characters, the items folder, the events folder, the quest folder, the images folder (for in-game icons, etc.), the npcs folder, and the lib folder, which contains third-party jar files used in the game. The download will also contain the Jasbro.jar, CharacterEditor.jar, EventEditor.jar, and ItemEditor.jar files. The last three files can be used to create your own characters, events and quests, and items, which you are encouraged to share with others. Nearly all characters, as well as a number of items, events, and quests present are created by users of the game.

In the future, expect it to be easier to obtain everything mentioned above, as well as a comprehensive list of items, characters, quests, and events shared with the community through the usual means. Also expect a wiki detailing how to better use these, and a better README file. I'm sorry, I'm new to this.
